[Music]
so about a month ago I was at of
Starbucks picking up a coffee and on my
way out I saw for the first time in my
life someone with a dual screen laptop
like actually using it and I was like oh
my God this is so cool he actually has
one he's actually going to use it so I
was going to leave and I was like I
can't leave I need to see how this whole
thing plays out so I got a table near
him and I saw him set it up and I was
like pretending to use my phone but I
was just creeping on the whole process
and it looked like he was looking at
some like x-rays on the top screen and
then some like other app on the bottom
screen and eventually built up the curve
just be like I need to know right I so I
went up to him like tell me about this
whole thing and he had no idea who I was
he was just so excited and so
enthusiastic to share this whole dual
screen laptop experience with me he went
through the whole thing and I didn't
have the heart to be like yeah I know
all this stuff because I reviewed it but
it was really neat to see from the
perspective of a user all the neat
things that he loved about it but then
at the end I was like that's cool and
all but what is it that you don't like
about it like what are the things that
you dislike about this product and the
whole experience and he highlighted
three things a couple of them I actually
talked about in my first video so number
one he didn't like that you couldn't use
that product it was the yoga book by the
way the two screen yoga book you
couldn't use it on your lap like he
wanted to do the stuff in his car but
the whole experience on that device
without a table is not great so he would
go into coffee shops and set everything
up so he could do the stuff every
morning the second thing though was that
he thought that the performance like so
he was showing me the x-rays like he was
looking at like the alignment of teeth
he was an orthodontist and the models
when you spun them around would stutter
a lot because the integrated GPU on the
thing wasn't great but the other thing
was that the product he felt like didn't
interact like a normal laptop he had to
carry it a certain way he had to put it
in like bags a certain way he just
wished it was shaped and looked like a
normal laptop and the whole time that he
went through this and I thanked him for
his time I had this device I had this
product and I was like I wish I could
show him this thing I couldn't because
it was under NDA but I it was in my
backpack in the car but I was like I
could have shown him this thing that day
and I wish I did I wish I'd broken the
dam NDA because he would have freaking
loved this thing now this product is the
new Asus Zenbook Duo and I think this
thing is so cool I think that in the
future most laptops will be like this I
really think that because there's so
much utility that comes with this so
when you pop this thing open it looks
like a regular laptop right like a
regular single screen laptop it's got a
fullsize keyboard full-size trackpad
glass trackpad and it's just like a it
works like you would right looks like
you would expect and it's not super
thick right maybe not an ultra thin
laptop but when you pop it open you
discover that this thing has a second
screen now before I interact with this
secondary screen I want to talk about
what I think defines this product it's
actually this keyboard so this keyboard
uh it's a Bluetooth keyboard and if you
use it as a regular kind of Wireless
experience it's a normal keyboard or
normal wireless keyboard it's got a good
amount of travel it's got a perfectly uh
responsive
touchpad
but when you put it
onto the bottom screen or the bottom
area this thing attaches with Pogo pins
so there's a bunch of connectors on the
bottom here and then these interact with
these little pins down here and it's a
magnetic system you kind of put it near
it it just snaps into place and then it
becomes a wired keyboard experience
there's no lag or latency on this intera
on this keyboard it's like it's it's so
good now because there's magnets on the
bottom of this thing and the bottom
screen here you can be very sloppy and
I'll just slide in place it's
surprisingly good at just finding its
correct position and just connecting
that one didn't go but you got to give
it a little bit of a little push and
it's good to go now you'll notice the
screen is stuttering here and there and
it's because as you remove the keyboard
it's switching from a dual screen
product to a single screen product and
the drivers need to obviously interact
act with that but the other thing that
makes this product really neat actually
you got to see the hinge now because
this hinge has multiple positions I
think it go from like 40° to 60° you
have a ridiculous amount of
customizability with how you want to
position everything now the bottom of
this product you can see the hinge this
is a extraordinarily tanky hinge it's
all like it's metal it's like it's so
solid and it's built right into the
bottom of this device
uh I imagine that if you ever like
cranked this thing and you broke it
because it's got screw points here you
could just replace the hinge if you ever
needed to but just from the it's just so
solid and because it's got these angles
on it these bevels on it you can use it
as two vertical screens and they'll auto
rotate like if you're like a developer
oh my God having two screens like this
is so sick now the thing
that okay let's just start off from the
top of why I love this this product is
not super expensive I mean the average
kind of productivity focused device I
would say in the market if you want a
good one is about 1,000 to maybe 1,200
bucks for something that's built like
this I think that's pretty fair right
but this product is
$4.99 it comes with a backpack and a
sleeve for the laptop as well as a pen
for the device because it uses
touchscreen so you can draw or paint on
the screen if you're an artist or a
digital illustrator and because it's got
a high refresh screen there's very low
latency between the pen input and what
you're actually seeing on the display
and obviously it has like you know pen
input so you can use it for handwriting
right so it's got a lot of Versatility
like that I think that for a product
that is priced at $4.99 it's kind of
weird to have this kind of versatility
it's it's so cool now when I said
earlier that I think in the future more
products will be like this it stems from
the fact that this experience of using
the kind of regular laptop mode of
single screen with a keyboard and
trackpad this is uncompromised on this
product like it it legitimately feels
like a normal laptop and you obviously
have that wonderful experience of the
dual screen now the double screen
experience I'm just going to talk about
this uh from a personal perspective when
I pulled this thing out of the box I was
at home so I set it up on my bed and
this is a Vibe like to have the
kickstand so you can just like
comfortably and confidently set it up
somewhere on your bed and just have your
keyboard remotely and just be able to
access like shows and be able to have
something else on the bottom screen this
is such an amazing experience and
because you cannot replicate this kind
of two two screen experience without a
ton of other products and a ton of gear
I think that this like anyone who us
uses this if you try this you just you
fall in love with it you fall in love
with the user experience of having two
screens or just the option of having two
screens without a compromised single
screen experience like that is something
that you just could not get with any
other product before and this can do it
it's so cool now in terms of the actual
performance I was told specifically not
to Benchmark this laptop because it's
too early on in the product cycle none
of the drivers are tuned yet right but I
will say that because this is running
Intel's core Ultra chips these have way
better GPU performance and really solid
CPU performance for the wattage than
anything they've had before this is a
very smooth experience in OverWatch
can't tell you the exact frame rate but
you can imagine I mean look at the
screen right it's very smooth all right
let's talk about the screens so there's
two screen configurations choose from
this one here is a 3K OLED panel so 2880
by 1800 on both the top panel and the
bottom panel and it's got 100% dcip 3 up
to 500 nits and the OLED is just really
nice to look at but there's another
cheaper version of this product that has
a
1920x 1200 screen so it's like just low
resolution but it still has 500 nits and
still has uh the 100% DC3 so I think on
a product like that because these are
14-inch screens right for someone that's
seen a lot of 14-in laptops I feel like
most people should opt for that lower
resolution screen the biggest thing is
that you're driving two screens here
right so there's just more pressure on
the GPU to to pump out so many pixels
when you have the higher resol ution
screen it is available as an option for
people that are you know if they're
working with you know detailed photos
and video and you need that resolution
go for it but if you are interested in
this product I would push more people to
that lower resolution screen because of
the dual screen nature also Asus has a
bunch of tools that they've built
specifically for a double screen device
like this so the one thing I thought was
neat was you can adjust the brightness
of the screens independently so this is
like super useful you can have like a
really bright top screen and really dark
bottom screen or vice versa and oh man
if it goes completely dark are you blind
you
are wait wa wait wait wait wait wait
wait can you adjust yeah yeah yeah you
can use the keyboard still thank God
okay but you can adjust it uh to your
heart's content and it's just like if
you have apps that have like different
brightness that you would want but also
when you have screens that are on an
angle you just often because of the way
light transmission works you often want
them on different brightness if you can
um but the other thing that I thought
was neat is they have a tool that allows
you to mirror the screen so that let's
say you and I are at a table and I was
on a regular laptop in order for me to
show what's on my screen I have to kind
of put it in the middle so we can both
see it but on a double screen you can
mirror your screen and it's inverted for
the other person so you could be on that
side looking at the same thing that I'm
doing and as I interact on my screen is
just mirrored in the proper orientation
on your side so if you're like in a
meeting or something it's kind of neat
um there's just small tools that they've
added to this device that I think just
make it extra useful now obviously if
you ever want to connect up the keyboard
to this device you would just place it
on and then now it switches over to
single screen laptop mode but if you are
for whatever reason in a pinch and you
don't have access to that uh Bluetooth
keyboard you have the ability to turn on
a if you just give me a second a
onscreen keyboard that's actually quite
similar to the one that was on the uh uh
Lenovo Yoga I don't love typing on these
things but you can like it's it's usable
if you want to just see what this is
like it's not great but this is just the
nature of any kind of onscreen keyboard
compared to an actual physical keyboard
uh now another thing that thought was
interesting they've designed it so that
if you ever have a circumstance where
I'm just going to like show you the side
of the product to be able to kind of see
what's going on here so if you're in a
situation where you don't have the
keyboard stuck into the device there is
a gap right because that's just the
nature of having the keyboard missing
but they've put these like rubber strips
there so that if the screen does get
squashed it doesn't just slam into the
panel there's like a you can't you can
only squash it so far before it hits the
Rubber and then like it won't break the
device I'm assuming with enough pressure
you'll bust it but under normal use it
won't break uh but once you have the
keyboard installed or placed on now it's
like a normal device so in terms of the
ports there's one US Bea and then two
USBC there is a third USBC down here but
this is not connected to the system this
is just to charge the wireless keyboard
so if you ever need tuna pinch separate
from the device itself you can and
there's also HDMI and uh audio jack but
I think on a device like this I'm not
expecting any more ports I feel like
this has a good selection of ports
considering all the things that are
going on and in terms of The Thermals
and the fan noise again I I wasn't
allowed to Benchmark this thing but I
will say that my initial impressions are
that they're more than sufficient the
chips are more energy efficient ient and
they have a pretty decent thermal system
going on there you heard this thing when
I was playing OverWatch right that's as
loud as it gets so I'm happy with it uh
now earlier I said that I feel like a
device like this is the future of
computing and I really feel like that
because if you have like anyone who had
the option of like hey do you want to
take the device that you have right now
make it let's say 3 mm thicker and then
give it a secondary screen wouldn't you
want that and without jacking up the
price too much for this kind of money
$14.99 you get this type of performance
you get the two OLED screens like it's
just it's really solid I'm surprised
actually that they priced it like this
to be completely honest but there you
have it this is the Zenbook Duo and yeah
I think this is It's A vibe man this
thing is so cool so cool all
[Music]
right